## Generating meshes
**tl;dr: Use alpha shape to generate concave meshes and then convert to convex ones using vhacd.**

The output from original implemention of MSN-PCN is  pointcloud. The pointcloud actually comes from a set of sub-components. In short, MSN-PCN samples N points from a unit square(2D) and send to K(16 in pretrained model) MLPs, generating K surface elements, each consists of N points(3D). There is an auxiliary loss that regularizes the surface elements towards being concentrated on a small local area during training. As a byproduct, these K surface patches tend to avoid overlapping with each other. So we can try hacking it to generate meshes. AtlasNet is also patched-based but they don't have such an auxiliary loss. 

Index in front of each method corresponds to folder names.

### merge MSN patches

Concatenate all vertices and generate a mesh.

0. MSN output -> merged -> filtered -> convex hull
1. MSN output -> merged -> filtered -> alpha shape
2. MSN output -> merged -> alpha shape

### keep MSN patches

Generate a mesh for each patch generated by MSN. There is no guarantee that they don't penetrate each other.

3. MSN output -> convex hull
4. MSN output -> Kmeans -> filtered -> convex hull 
	For each patch generated by MSN, use KMeans to further break them into smaller pieces and generate convex hull for each of them.
5. MSN output -> MSN faces
	Use rectangle templates instead of random sampling, and connect them using face generated by the template.
6. MSN output(before adding residual) -> MSN faces

